Choice matters.  A lot. (#46)
ietf-gitwg/using-github: draft-ietf-git-using-github.md

The main purpose of this document is providing guidelines for how Working Groups
might integrate the capabilities provided by GitHub into their processes for

> developing Internet-Drafts. The choice of whether to use GitHub or whether to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developing Internet-Drafts. The choices of whether to use GitHub and whether to
```
